README.md, before:

# social-underground 

## Team Members
- Ryan Zelazny
- Brianna Hebeler
- Alexander (Zander) Portera
- Justin Rhee
- Yasmim Sampaio

## Introduction
For project 2 we wanted the user to be able to hangout with their friends while playing a game. We also built a platform where people do not need multiple windows open to play a game and chat. We made a settled for a fun game of blackjack and rock paper scissor. 

## How to use

<img src="public/assets/images/readmeimage/loginpage.png">

1) If you're a new player click sign up, if not just login

<img src="public/assets/images/readmeimage/jointable.png">

<img src="public/assets/images/readmeimage/newtable.png">

2) You can either join a table or make a new table

<img src="public/assets/images/readmeimage/startplaying.png">

3) If you join a table just read the direction and click start

<img src="public/assets/images/readmeimage/chooseagame.png">
<img src="public/assets/images/readmeimage/rps.png">

4) If you start a new game you must choose a game a play. We also have a smiple game of rock, paper, or scissor. 

5) Lastly we have a chat box at the bottom on the page so you can talk with your friends. 

6) Have fun!



## Link
Heroku:
https://social-underground-bc.herokuapp.com/

Github:
https://github.com/rzelazny/social-underground

Commit message:

updated read me // added a margin on the members page so that the card wasnt flush against the side of the web page

README.md, after:

# Social Underground 

## Team Members
- Ryan Zelazny
- Brianna Hebeler
- Alexander (Zander) Portera
- Justin Rhee
- Yasmim Sampaio

## Description
Welcome to the Social Underground, a place where you can meet with friends and play some games in a virtual casino. This is an application built so that users do not need multiple windows open to play a game and chat. The user will be able to be able to hangout with their friends while playing a fun game of blackjack or rock paper scissors at one of our "tables".

## How to use

<img src="public/assets/images/readmeimage/loginpage.png">

1) If you're a new player click sign up, if not just login using the information provided when you signed up

<img src="public/assets/images/readmeimage/jointable.png">

<img src="public/assets/images/readmeimage/newtable.png">

2) You can either join an existing table or make a new table

<img src="public/assets/images/readmeimage/startplaying.png">

3) If you join an existing table just read the directions and click start on the game

<img src="public/assets/images/readmeimage/chooseagame.png">
<img src="public/assets/images/readmeimage/rps.png">

4) If you start at a new table you must choose a game a play. We have created a fun version of  rock, paper, or scissors where you and another player can send snapshots back and forth using our integrated webcam.

5) Lastly we have a chat box at the bottom of each table so you can talk with your friends. 

6) Have fun!



## Link
Heroku:
https://social-underground-bc.herokuapp.com/

Github:
https://github.com/rzelazny/social-underground
